[move-book] Extending Book by Move 2.0 Documentation (#567)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/smart-contracts/book/structs-and-resources.mdx

}
```

## Positional Structs

_Since language version 2.0_

A struct can be declared to have _positional fields_, fields which are not named
but numbered. Positional structs behave similar to regular structs,

> except providing a different syntax which is more adequate for use cases with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
except providing a different syntax which may be more suitable for use cases with 
```

only a few fields.

Fields of positional structs are assigned in the order they appear. In the below
example, field `0` is of type `u64` and field `1` of type `u8`:

```move
module 0x2::m {
  struct Pair(u64, u8);
}
```

Abilities for positional structs are declared _after_ and not before the field list,

> which is expected to be short:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: It reads as if adding the declaration after is short. So better to remove, we have already said in the first paragraph that use case for positional fields is when there are few fields.

```move
module 0x2::m {
  struct Pair(u64, u8) has copy, drop;
}
```

For pure type tags, often used for phantom types in Move code, the list of arguments
can be also completely omitted:

```move
module 0x2::m {
  struct TypeTag has copy, drop;
}
```

> Values of positional structs are created and deconstructed similar as function calls,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Values of positional structs are created and deconstructed as shown below:
```

Reviewer 2: (deconstructed similar as function calls is a bit weird, because we do not have `function_call(arguments) = value` syntax).

using `PositionalStructs(arguments)`:

```move
module 0x2::m {
  fun work() {
    let value = Pair(1, true);
    let Pair(number, boolean) = value;
    assert!(number == 1 && boolean == true);
  }
}
```

> Fields of positional structs can be accessed using the position as a field selector, as in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fields of positional structs can be accessed using the position as a field selector. For example, in the above code example, `value.0` and `value.1` can be used to access the two fields without deconstructing the `value`.
```

`positional_struct.0`.

## Partial Patterns

_Since language version 2.0_

> Patterns can use the `..` notation to match any remaining, non-listed fields. Here are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patterns can use the `..` notation to match any remaining, non-listed fields in structs or variants with named fields, and omitted fields at either the beginning or end of a struct or variant with positional fields. Here are 
```

some examples:

```move
module 0x2::m {
  struct Foo{ x: u8, y: u16, z: u32 }
  struct Bar(u8, u16, u32);
  
  fun foo_get_x(self: &Foo): u8 { 

>     let Foo{x, ..} = self;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    let Foo{y, ..} = self; y
```

Correspondingly change the return type. Just to show that it not necessarily every field from the beginning in the case of named fields.

    x
  }
  
  fun bar_get_0(self: &Foo): u8 { 
    let Bar(x, ..) = self;
    x
  }
  
  fun bar_get_2(self: &Foo): u52 { 
    // For positional structs, one can also put the 
    // .. at the beginning.
    let Bar(.., z) = self;
    z
  }
}
```

Notice that partial patterns can currently not be used as the left-hand side of assignment.

> While one can use `let Bar(x, ..) = v`, `let x; Bar(x, ..) = v` is not supported. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While one can use `let Bar(x, ..) = v`, we do not yet support `let x; Bar(x, ..) = v`. 
```
